You might have noticed that the assert equals assertion that I have used in integer subtraction method
does not have a message parameter as we have it in the assert equals assertion of the integer division
method.
Here we have used a message parameter, but in the integer subtraction method I have missed this message
parameter.
If you have noticed this difference, then this is a very good news because you are paying attention
and you are already becoming better at using your unit.
Now this message parameter is optional, but generally it is considered a good practice to include it.
If this assertion fails the test, then the unit will provide its own error message.
But if the default error message is not descriptive enough, then you can include additional parameters
into your own custom error message.
For example, you can include input parameters, the menu end and scepter hint and for example, expected
result into the error message and to make it more descriptive.
So my error message could look like this.
And I will define this more embossed.
And now we can use them to invoke the method under the test.
So instead of 33, I will use minions.
Instead of one I will use Septuagint and will update my assert equals as well.
Instead of 32 I will use expected result and instead of result I will use actual result.
In this case, if this assertion fails, the test method, the error message in the test report will
have additional information for the person who reads this test report.
In this particular test method, it might not look very helpful, but there will be other test methods
in your practice when including this additional information into error message will be very helpful.
Now, if you have read this methods and each test method has associations with this kind of dynamically
computed message, this might slow down your test methods a little bit in a small application you will
not even notice the difference, but in a much larger application.
With many test methods, an assertion message is used.
Developers like to optimize it, and the reason it might slow down your tests a little bit is because
this message will get computed every time you test methods, grants, whether it passes or fails, this
message will always be computed.
It gets executed even though it might never be used.
So to optimize performance of you need tests.
Developers like to convert this test message into a lambda and it can be converted to lambda this way.
Now this message is a one the function that will be executed only when this assertion fails the test
method.
Otherwise, if the test is passing, this lambda function will never get executed and no resources will
be spent to compute this error message.
All right.
So again, using this message parameter is optional.
You will see many test methods that do not use it at all.
But generally it is considered a good practice to provide a short but descriptive error message to help
the person who's reading this test report easier understand the reason why this test method has failed.
So let's try running this test method and see if it works.
And to see this error message, print it in the report.
I'll need to make this assertion failed the test so I will intentionally break business logic inside
of my integer subtraction method.
I will go there and instead of subtraction I will use addition.
I will see if changes will go back to my calculator test and will run my test method.
And here we have a custom error message that we have created.
33 minus one did not produce 32 and this information is provided by G unit expected 32, actual 34.
Now let's fix our code and use subtraction instead of addition.
That's a Ron Artest method to make it pass.
And now we have a passing test.
All right.
So it is working well for us.
And now you know how to make the description error message execute only when it is actually needed.